proofreading spec.tex from Mike (#62)
oetiker/lshort: src/spec.tex

  \csi{printindex}
\end{lscommand}

> %$$ No example of showidx. Might be nice if one could be confined to just this
> %$$ page.

Author: ```suggestion
```

\end{example}
\end{chktexignore}

Note that the texttt{makeindex} has no clue about characters outside the ASCII range. To
get the sorting correct, use the \verb|@| character as shown in the K\"ase
and \'ecole examples above.

\section{Fancy Headers}\label{sec:fancy}

\subsection{Basic commands}

%$$ Not sure if the overall conversational tone of this subsection is in keeping
%$$ with the bulk of the rest of the document.

The \pai*{fancyhdr} package provides a few simple commands that allow you to

> %$$ Consider 'headers and footers' instead of 'header and footer lines'.

Author: ```suggestion
```

\end{example}
\end{chktexignore}

Note that the texttt{makeindex} has no clue about characters outside the ASCII range. To
get the sorting correct, use the \verb|@| character as shown in the K\"ase
and \'ecole examples above.

\section{Fancy Headers}\label{sec:fancy}

\subsection{Basic commands}

%$$ Not sure if the overall conversational tone of this subsection is in keeping
%$$ with the bulk of the rest of the document.

The \pai*{fancyhdr} package provides a few simple commands that allow you to
%$$ Consider 'headers and footers' instead of 'header and footer lines'.
customise the header and footer lines of your document. It defines an
additional page style \cargv{fancy} and a set of commands to customise it to
%$$ Switched 'our' to 'your', as 'our' switches to a collective 'us' from the
%$$ earlier singular 'you' above; use {'you' & 'your'}, or {'us' & 'our'}.

> %$$ Added comma after 'default'.

Author: yep :) already removed most of them

The \carg{places} is a comma separated list of places where the \carg{field} should be displayed. There are total of 12 different places and each is identified by a
combination of three letters:
\begin{itemize}
  \item The first specifies whether the location is in the header (\cargv{H}) or
        in the footer (\cargv{F}).
  \item The second letter specifies the location within the header or footer:
        \cargv{L} for left, \cargv{C} for centre, and \cargv{R} for right.
  \item The third letter defines whether the field should be printed on even
        (\cargv{E}) or odd (\cargv{O}) pages. If the document is not two sided,
        then all pages are treated as odd.
\end{itemize}
For example, the combination \cargv{FCE} identifies the centre part of the
footer on even pages. If any of the letters is omitted, then the identifier

> %$$ Changed 'letter, so for example' to 'letter. For example,', to break up
> %$$ a long sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
```

The \carg{places} is a comma separated list of places where the \carg{field} should be displayed. There are total of 12 different places and each is identified by a
combination of three letters:
\begin{itemize}
  \item The first specifies whether the location is in the header (\cargv{H}) or
        in the footer (\cargv{F}).
  \item The second letter specifies the location within the header or footer:
        \cargv{L} for left, \cargv{C} for centre, and \cargv{R} for right.
  \item The third letter defines whether the field should be printed on even
        (\cargv{E}) or odd (\cargv{O}) pages. If the document is not two sided,
        then all pages are treated as odd.
\end{itemize}
For example, the combination \cargv{FCE} identifies the centre part of the

> %$$ Inserted comma after 'omitted'.

Author: ```suggestion
```

The \carg{places} is a comma separated list of places where the \carg{field} should be displayed. There are total of 12 different places and each is identified by a
combination of three letters:
\begin{itemize}
  \item The first specifies whether the location is in the header (\cargv{H}) or
        in the footer (\cargv{F}).
  \item The second letter specifies the location within the header or footer:
        \cargv{L} for left, \cargv{C} for centre, and \cargv{R} for right.
  \item The third letter defines whether the field should be printed on even
        (\cargv{E}) or odd (\cargv{O}) pages. If the document is not two sided,
        then all pages are treated as odd.
\end{itemize}

> %$$ Changed 'So for example' to 'For example,'

Author: ```suggestion
```

The \carg{places} is a comma separated list of places where the \carg{field} should be displayed. There are total of 12 different places and each is identified by a
combination of three letters:
\begin{itemize}
  \item The first specifies whether the location is in the header (\cargv{H}) or
        in the footer (\cargv{F}).
  \item The second letter specifies the location within the header or footer:
        \cargv{L} for left, \cargv{C} for centre, and \cargv{R} for right.
  \item The third letter defines whether the field should be printed on even

> %$$ Inserted comma after 'sided'.

Author: ```suggestion
```

The \carg{places} is a comma separated list of places where the \carg{field} should be displayed. There are total of 12 different places and each is identified by a
combination of three letters:
\begin{itemize}
  \item The first specifies whether the location is in the header (\cargv{H}) or
        in the footer (\cargv{F}).
  \item The second letter specifies the location within the header or footer:

> %$$ Inserted Oxford comma after centre (this being a list), but opinions may
> %$$ vary on this matter.

Author: ```suggestion
```

The \carg{places} is a comma separated list of places where the \carg{field} should be displayed. There are total of 12 different places and each is identified by a
combination of three letters:
\begin{itemize}
  \item The first specifies whether the location is in the header (\cargv{H}) or
        in the footer (\cargv{F}).

> %$$ Changed 'header\slash{}footer' to 'header or footer', although one could
> %$$ go either way here.

Author: ```suggestion
```

\end{document}
\end{example}

There are two additional commands, \csi{fancyhead} and \csi{fancyfoot}, that

> %$$ Changed 'work the' to 'work in the'. Inserted comma after 'way'.
> %$$ Changed 'assum ... respectively' to 'respectively assume ...'.
> work in the same way, except that they respectively assume \cargv{H} and
> %$$ Inserted comma after 'argument'. Changed 'specified differently' to
> %$$ 'otherwise specified'.

Author: ```suggestion
work in the same way, except that they respectively assume \cargv{H} and
```

\end{document}
\end{example}

> %$$ Inserted commas after 'commands' and after '\csi{fancyfoot}'.

Author: ```suggestion
```

then \(2 + 2 = 5\).
\end{document}%!hide
\end{example}
The \csi{fancyheadoffset} and \csi{fancyfootoffset} commands are used in the
same manner as \csi{fancyf}, but they only modify the header and footer respectively.

\subsection{Contents of the headers}

%$$ Not sure if the overall conversational tone of this subsection is in keeping
%$$ with the bulk of the rest of the document.

The default footer of the article class contains the current page number. To

> %$$ Added comma after 'header'. Also 'simply' might be superfluous.

Author: ```suggestion
```

then \(2 + 2 = 5\).
\end{document}%!hide
\end{example}

> %$$ Rewrote this sentence:
> %$ Similarly to \csi{fancyf}, \csi{fancyheadoffset} and \csi{fancyfootoffset} are
> %$ used the same way except they only modify header\slash{}footer.
> The \csi{fancyheadoffset} and \csi{fancyfootoffset} commands are used in the
> same manner as \csi{fancyf}, except that they only modify the header or footer.
> %$$ Actually, that should probably be 'but' instead of 'except that'; there's
> %$$ no 'except' in how they are used; that's the same, the difference is in the
> %$$ result of that usage.

Author: ```suggestion
The \csi{fancyheadoffset} and \csi{fancyfootoffset} commands are used in the
same manner as \csi{fancyf}, but they only modify the header and footer respectively.
```

\noindent %!hide
This statement is dedicated to
all statements that are not
dedicated to themselves.
\end{document}%!hide
\end{example}

It is often useful to have the header and footer contain information based on

> %$$ Changed 'contents' to 'content' (uncountable noun in this context).
> the content of the page. These are called \enquote{marks} in \LaTeX{}
> %$$ Added comma after 'ones'. Language and abbreviations are informal, here.

Author: ```suggestion
the content of the page. These are called \enquote{marks} in \LaTeX{}
```

  \csi{lastleftxmark} \\
  \csi{lastrightxmark}
\end{lscommand}

> %$$ Changed 'is used to set' to just 'sets'.
> The \csi{extramarks} command sets the contents of \carg{left} and \carg{right}
> %$$ Changed 'Then you can' to 'You can then'.

Author: ```suggestion
The \csi{extramarks} command sets the contents of \carg{left} and \carg{right}
```

marks. Then you can access these marks inside the headers by using the appropriate
command. The \texttt{first}- commands refer to the first mark occurring on the

> %$$ Added 'commands' after \texttt{last}-, because still needs to be a plural.

Author: ```suggestion
```

\end{example}

Let us now look at the default marks defined by \LaTeX{}. After loading

> %$$ Added comma after '\pai{extramarks}'.

Author: ```suggestion
```

  \csi{lastrightmark}
\end{lscommand}
The only difference between these and the extra marks is that \LaTeX{} classes

> %$$ Long sentence. Changed 'them, so' to 'them. Hence,'.
> %$$ Added a comma after 'careful'.
> %$$ Furthermore, does 'them' mean 'these' (as opposed to the extra marks)?
> automatically fill them. Hence, if you are not careful, you may lose your
> %$$ Removed whitespace between 'content.' and the footnote.
> content.\footnote{You may prevent this by setting the pagestyle to
> \cargv{myheadings} and then redefining it to use it with \pai{fancyhdr} as
> described later.}
> %$$ Added comma after 'for example'.

Author: ```suggestion
automatically fill them. Hence, if you are not careful, you may lose your
content.\footnote{You may prevent this by setting the pagestyle to
\cargv{myheadings} and then redefining it to use it with \pai{fancyhdr} as
described later.}
```

\end{document}%!hide
\end{example}
Note that \csi{firstrightmark} is empty in the above example. This is caused by

> %$$ Changed 'set' to 'sets', to avoid the double plural with 'commands'.

Author: ```suggestion
```

the fact that \csi{section} commands set both marks, leaving the right one
empty.

You may have noticed that section titles are typeset in uppercase when provided

> %$$ Consider "`marks'" or "``marks''" or "mark" or -\texttt{mark} instead of
> %$$ "marks" (in 'marks commands', on the next line).
> by marks commands. To disable this use the \csi{nouppercase} command inside the

Author: ```suggestion
by -\texttt{mark} commands. To disable this use the \csi{nouppercase} command inside the
```

\end{document}%!hide
\end{example}

\subsection{Advanced commands}

> %$$ Changed 'the section titles' to 'section titles,'.
> %$$ Consider 'can' instead of 'may', the latter suggests permission to do so.
> If you want even more control over section titles, you may redefine the

Author: ```suggestion
If you want even more control over section titles, you can redefine the
```

You may be disappointed.
\end{document}
\end{example}
%$$ I don't think I understand the above example.
%$$ The connection between 'paradox' on the left, and 'disappointed' on the 

> %$$ right isn't obvious. Did I miss something?

Reviewer: Might just have been me being slow. Usually throughout the document,, the code on the left produces the render on the right. So when I'm looking at the PDF in isolation, I'm scratching my head over how did that code (the 'paradox' line) produce the 'disappointed' line on the other side. What settings did I miss that overrode or hid that line? Was there a header setting somewhere to add the 'disappointed' line? Upon reading the .tex source, it's obvious; there's no connection between the sides, besides the 'My style' header. I get the joke, but if you don't have the source at hand...
